acpi alacritty alsa-utils aspell-en atril autotiling base base-devel
bdf-unifont blueman bluez bluez-utils brightnessctl chromium
clang-format-all-git dmenu efibootmgr emacs fastfetch firefox
galculator gdb gimp git gnome-keyring grim grub gst-plugin-pipewire
gtk3-classic hexedit htop hwdetect i3status intel-ucode iwd
jdk-openjdk libpulse linux linux-firmware luarocks lxappearance ly
mako man-pages maven mesa-utils mpv neovide neovim
network-manager-applet networkmanager noto-fonts-cjk nvidia-open
nvidia-settings nwg-look pavucontrol pipewire pipewire-alsa
pipewire-jack pipewire-pulse playerctl poweralertd pulseaudio-alsa
python-setuptools raylib shotwell spotify-launcher steam sway swaybg
swayidle swaylock texlive-basic thunar tmux ttf-cascadia-code unzip
v4l2loopback-dkms visual-studio-code-bin vlc wget wireplumber
wl-clipboard wmenu xarchiver xcursor-themes xdg-desktop-portal-wlr
xf86-video-vesa xorg-bdftopcf xorg-docs xorg-font-util
xorg-fonts-100dpi xorg-fonts-75dpi xorg-fonts-encodings xorg-iceauth
xorg-mkfontscale xorg-server xorg-server-common xorg-server-devel
xorg-server-xephyr xorg-server-xnest xorg-server-xvfb xorg-sessreg
xorg-setxkbmap xorg-smproxy xorg-x11perf xorg-xauth xorg-xbacklight
xorg-xcmsdb xorg-xcursorgen xorg-xdpyinfo xorg-xdriinfo xorg-xev
xorg-xgamma xorg-xhost xorg-xinput xorg-xkbcomp xorg-xkbevd
xorg-xkbutils xorg-xkill xorg-xlsatoms xorg-xlsclients xorg-xmodmap
xorg-xpr xorg-xprop xorg-xrandr xorg-xrdb xorg-xrefresh xorg-xset
xorg-xsetroot xorg-xvinfo xorg-xwayland xorg-xwd xorg-xwininfo
xorg-xwud yay yay-debug zip zram-generator zsh
